c:\users\hume\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\bin\Debug\DebateRI.dll
c:\users\hume\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\bin\Debug\DebateRI.pdb
c:\users\hume\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\hume\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\hume\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\hume\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\hume\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\hume\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\hume\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\hume\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\hume\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\obj\Debug\DebateRI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\hume\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\obj\Debug\DebateRI.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\hume\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\obj\Debug\DebateRI.dll
c:\users\hume\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\obj\Debug\DebateRI.pdb
C:\Users\Hume\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\obj\Debug\DebateRI.LoginPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Hume\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\obj\Debug\DebateRI.SignupPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Hume\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\bin\Debug\DebateRI.dll.config
C:\Users\Hume\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Hume\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Hume\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Hume\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Hume\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\Hume\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\Hume\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\obj\Debug\DebateRI.csproj.App.config
C:\Users\Hume\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\obj\Debug\DebateRI.Home.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Hume\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\obj\Debug\DebateRI.ProfilePage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Hume\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\obj\Debug\DebateRI.DebatesMainPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Hume\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\obj\Debug\DebateRI.DebatesHistoryPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Hume\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\obj\Debug\DebateRI.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Hume\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\bin\Debug\DebateRI.dll.mdb
C:\Users\mauricio\Desktop\Pruebas\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\bin\Debug\DebateRI.dll.config
C:\Users\mauricio\Desktop\Pruebas\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\bin\Debug\DebateRI.dll
C:\Users\mauricio\Desktop\Pruebas\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\bin\Debug\DebateRI.pdb
C:\Users\mauricio\Desktop\Pruebas\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\mauricio\Desktop\Pruebas\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\mauricio\Desktop\Pruebas\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\mauricio\Desktop\Pruebas\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
C:\Users\mauricio\Desktop\Pruebas\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
C:\Users\mauricio\Desktop\Pruebas\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
C:\Users\mauricio\Desktop\Pruebas\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\mauricio\Desktop\Pruebas\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\mauricio\Desktop\Pruebas\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\mauricio\Desktop\Pruebas\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
C:\Users\mauricio\Desktop\Pruebas\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
C:\Users\mauricio\Desktop\Pruebas\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
C:\Users\mauricio\Desktop\Pruebas\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
C:\Users\mauricio\Desktop\Pruebas\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
C:\Users\mauricio\Desktop\Pruebas\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\obj\Debug\DebateRI.csproj.App.config
C:\Users\mauricio\Desktop\Pruebas\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\obj\Debug\DebateRI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\mauricio\Desktop\Pruebas\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\obj\Debug\DebateRI.App.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\mauricio\Desktop\Pruebas\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\obj\Debug\DebateRI.LoginPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\mauricio\Desktop\Pruebas\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\obj\Debug\DebateRI.SignupPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\mauricio\Desktop\Pruebas\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\obj\Debug\DebateRI.dll
C:\Users\mauricio\Desktop\Pruebas\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\obj\Debug\DebateRI.pdb
C:\Users\mauricio\Desktop\Pruebas\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\obj\Debug\DebateRI.Mains.MainAdmin.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\mauricio\Desktop\Pruebas\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\obj\Debug\DebateRI.Mains.MainDebater.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\mauricio\Desktop\Pruebas\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\obj\Debug\DebateRI.Mains.MainObserver.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\mauricio\Desktop\Pruebas\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\obj\Debug\DebateRI.Mains.MainAdviser.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\mauricio\Desktop\Pruebas\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\obj\Debug\DebateRI.Mains.MainPublic.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\mauricio\Desktop\Pruebas\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\bin\Debug\Xamarin.iOS.dll
C:\Users\mauricio\Desktop\Pruebas\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\bin\Debug\System.Core.dll
C:\Users\mauricio\Desktop\Pruebas\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\bin\Debug\System.dll
C:\Users\mauricio\Desktop\Pruebas\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\bin\Debug\System.Xml.dll
C:\Users\mauricio\Desktop\Pruebas\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\bin\Debug\Mono.Dynamic.Interpreter.dll
C:\Users\mauricio\Desktop\Pruebas\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\bin\Debug\Xamarin.iOS.xml
C:\Users\mauricio\Desktop\Pruebas\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\obj\Debug\DebateRI.Teams.AddAdvisorsTeam.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\mauricio\Desktop\Pruebas\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\obj\Debug\DebateRI.Teams.AddObserversTeam.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\mauricio\Desktop\Pruebas\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\obj\Debug\DebateRI.Teams.AddTeamDebaters.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\mauricio\Desktop\Pruebas\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\obj\Debug\DebateRI.ProfilePage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\mauricio\Desktop\Pruebas\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\obj\Debug\DebateRI.DebatesMainPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\mauricio\Desktop\Pruebas\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\obj\Debug\DebateRI.DebatesHistoryPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\mauricio\Desktop\Pruebas\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\obj\Debug\DebateRI.SessionPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\mauricio\Desktop\Pruebas\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\obj\Debug\DebateRI.SessionDetailPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\mauricio\Desktop\Pruebas\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\obj\Debug\DebateRI.InitialPosition.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\mauricio\Desktop\Pruebas\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\obj\Debug\DebateRI.QuestionStage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\mauricio\Desktop\Pruebas\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\obj\Debug\DebateRI.Conclution.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\mauricio\Desktop\Pruebas\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\obj\Debug\DebateRI.dll.mdb
C:\Users\mauricio\Desktop\Pruebas\DebateRI\DebateRI\DebateRI\bin\Debug\DebateRI.dll.mdb
